Enable not starting views in navigation integrations (#391)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: packages/react-navigation/README.md

To track changes in navigation as RUM Views, set the `onready` callback of your `NavigationContainer` component as follow. You can use the optional `ViewNamePredicate` parameter to replace the automatically detected View name with something more relevant to your use case.

> Returning `null` in the `ViewNamePredicate` prevents the new RUM View from being created. The previous RUM View will remain active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returning `null` in the `ViewNamePredicate` prevents the new RUM View from being created. The previous RUM View remains active.
```
